This error I think it come from yeah as you can see here
The user info is gone so let's switch back over
to our editor jump to route service provider
And here we still need to eager load to user model
I'll reopen the console
reload again.
OK
the error is gone.
Let's switch back over to our editor and go to answers component
and here we can extract or get only data
property from the response object like this
So this is es 6 feature and it's something
called object destructuring.
So let me show it to you.
Let me go back to my browser
and here I'll define a person object.
It contains full name let's say john doe
and age 30
currently if I call full name
I'll get error
full name not defined.
Now if I want to pull the full name from Person
object we can use object structuring like this
Now if I call full name I'll get John do.
So that's about object destructuring.
It's basically unpack one or more properties from object
I hope you get the idea.
Last let's push all answers in data property to answers array
in this component.
So if you remember
all answers are house in data
data
here we can push them to answers array
by saying this dot answers dot push.
But here if we pass in data dot data like this we'll
get trouble because all answers that we take from
response object will not be merged into a single array.
Instead they will be pushed as one item
which will result array within array. Actually
let me show you again in console so that you know what I mean.
So here I'll define an array
it contains a and b then I'll define
another array it will contains c d e.
Now
If I push the second array to the first array like this
and then called the first array
you'll see it has three items which the third item is still an array.
So that's the point that I mentioned earlier.
Now the question is how can we
kind of merge between two arrays?
Well actually it's a very easy let me define another array
It will contain F and G.
Now here we can utilize es 6 spread operator.
So here data three push data two
and before data two
here we add tripled dots
here it has five items or if we call the data three
you can see it contains five items.
So I hope it will make sense.
So here
just add triple dots before the data
All right
let's save these and have a look.
Reload the page
I get error data is not defined
Sorry
this should be data.
Now I have no error and all answers come back.
Great.
Now it's time to make this load more answers working.
Le'ts switch back over to our editor go to template
OK here let's make this button available or appear
only if there are more answers to be loaded
And as I said we can check from
next page URL in response object.
So here we can say v-if
next URL and we'll define that shortly.
And then when this button is hit we simply
call fetch method and pass the URL in
OK
inside this data method let's add the next
URL and it should be null by default.
And then here we need to assign the next page
URL from response object to our next URL
property.
All right let's save and have a look.
Reload the page
Now
let me hit the button.
As you can see we have some answers
added here and the button disappear
when no more answers found in database. Great!
OK
We have successfully implemented load
more answers feature in our application.
So now it doesn't need to display entire answers on
the first load and it will make our page loading time
a bit faster and it much be better for user experience.
OK that's it let's save
all changes to our git repo and I'll see you in the next lesson.